version=pmwiki-2.2.67 ordered=1 urlencoded=1
agent=Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux x86_64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/37.0.2062.94 Safari/537.36
author=creichle
charset=UTF-8
csum=
ctime=1408759333
host=108.162.219.185
name=Meetings.Meeting2
rev=7
targets=
text=Meeting #2 held: 9/5/2014 6:30PM\\%0aLocation:\\%0aSPoT Coffee\\%0a765 Elmwood Ave\\%0aBuffalo, NY 14222%0a%0a----%0a%0aIn Attendance: Corey R, Matt L, Matt P, and Kevin H %0a%0a(:toc-float:)%0a----%0a!Agenda%0a* We need to further refine scope, and develop a charter document for the group (We're small, but I'd like a formalized manner in which assets get transferred as needed, ie domain names, etc etc etc).%0a** Assigned: Corey R, Matt P, and Kevin H%0a** Status: Working on this still.  We'll get the various organization options (501(c)3, co-op, etc etc).  We're all pretty much on the same page as far as goals:  Offer network access to the community at large, at little to no cost to the end user.%0a* We will need to arrange for a cursory site survey of the foundry, and properties to be covered. This will allow us to spec antennas, AP, work, etc etc.%0a** Assigned: Corey R, Matt L, and Kevin H%0a** Status: We've arranged a date and will finalize time of day.  Corey R should be the only one needed onsite, but it'd be nice to have Matt L along%0a* Get a mail list together of some sort (At this point, I have no preference).%0a** Assigned: Matt L%0a** Status: We settled on mailman for a mail list.  Matt L will set this up, and give us the details.%0a* JP contested the not-for-profit goals for the group after the meeting.%0a** Assigned: None%0a** Status:  See point 1.  We're exploring the options for structure at this time.%0a* Get new IRC room, to match name. %0a** Assigned: Corey R%0a** Status: Completed.  IRC is #buffalomesh.net, and uses the freenode network.  Links on site are up, logging bot running, and channel registered.%0a* Secure Twitter account%0a** Assigned: Corey R%0a%0a!Action Items%0a* Corey R needs to deliver work units for a project plan for the Northampton network to Matt P%0a* Matt P will develop a rough project plan for the Northampton network, using the WU's delivered by Corey R%0a* Matt L will get mailman set up and deliver the details%0a* Matt P and Kevin H will deliver some docs covering various organizational structures (Matt P 501, Kevin P Co-op, Corey R for profit/S-corp)%0a* Matt L and Corey R need to discuss some software requirements for node mapping/management%0a* Corey R owes either a quick self-reg function for the wiki, or edit accounts for the wiki to Matt L and Kevin H%0a%0a!Short term goals (%3c6 mos)%0a* Get a number of links going in the Northampton net%0a* Settle on org structure%0a* Plan net set of links in Northampton%0a* Increase recruitment by word-of-mouth%0a* Start planning next mesh local%0a%0a!Midterm Goals (6-12mos)%0a* Complete Northampton (80%25+)%0a* Plan Northampton expansion%0a* Finalize planning next meshlocal%0a* Finalize org structure%0a%0a!Longterm Goals%0a* Link two meshlocals%0a* ???
time=1410273620
author:1410273620=creichle
diff:1410273620:1409966790:=37c37%0a%3c * Matt L and Corey R need to discuss some software requirements for node mapping/management%0a---%0a> * Matt L and Corey R need to discuss some software requirements for node mapping/managment%0a
host:1410273620=108.162.219.185
author:1409966790=creichle
diff:1409966790:1409966462:=38d37%0a%3c * Corey R owes either a quick self-reg function for the wiki, or edit accounts for the wiki to Matt L and Kevin H%0a
host:1409966790=173.245.55.206
author:1409966462=creichle
diff:1409966462:1409226853:=1c1%0a%3c Meeting #2 held: 9/5/2014 6:30PM\\%0a---%0a> Meeting #2 to be held: 9/5/2014 6:30PM\\%0a8,13c8%0a%3c %0a%3c In Attendance: Corey R, Matt L, Matt P, and Kevin H %0a%3c %0a%3c (:toc-float:)%0a%3c ----%0a%3c !Agenda%0a---%0a> Agenda:%0a15,16c10,11%0a%3c ** Assigned: Corey R, Matt P, and Kevin H%0a%3c ** Status: Working on this still.  We'll get the various organization options (501(c)3, co-op, etc etc).  We're all pretty much on the same page as far as goals:  Offer network access to the community at large, at little to no cost to the end user.%0a---%0a> ** Assigned: All%0a> ** Status:%0a18,19c13,14%0a%3c ** Assigned: Corey R, Matt L, and Kevin H%0a%3c ** Status: We've arranged a date and will finalize time of day.  Corey R should be the only one needed onsite, but it'd be nice to have Matt L along%0a---%0a> ** Assigned: xavia%0a> ** Status:%0a21,23d15%0a%3c ** Assigned: Matt L%0a%3c ** Status: We settled on mailman for a mail list.  Matt L will set this up, and give us the details.%0a%3c * JP contested the not-for-profit goals for the group after the meeting.%0a25c17,19%0a%3c ** Status:  See point 1.  We're exploring the options for structure at this time.%0a---%0a> ** Status: %0a> * JP contested the not-for-profit goals for the group after the meeting.%0a> ** Assigned: None%0a27,54c21,22%0a%3c ** Assigned: Corey R%0a%3c ** Status: Completed.  IRC is #buffalomesh.net, and uses the freenode network.  Links on site are up, logging bot running, and channel registered.%0a%3c * Secure Twitter account%0a%3c ** Assigned: Corey R%0a%3c %0a%3c !Action Items%0a%3c * Corey R needs to deliver work units for a project plan for the Northampton network to Matt P%0a%3c * Matt P will develop a rough project plan for the Northampton network, using the WU's delivered by Corey R%0a%3c * Matt L will get mailman set up and deliver the details%0a%3c * Matt P and Kevin H will deliver some docs covering various organizational structures (Matt P 501, Kevin P Co-op, Corey R for profit/S-corp)%0a%3c * Matt L and Corey R need to discuss some software requirements for node mapping/managment%0a%3c %0a%3c !Short term goals (%3c6 mos)%0a%3c * Get a number of links going in the Northampton net%0a%3c * Settle on org structure%0a%3c * Plan net set of links in Northampton%0a%3c * Increase recruitment by word-of-mouth%0a%3c * Start planning next mesh local%0a%3c %0a%3c !Midterm Goals (6-12mos)%0a%3c * Complete Northampton (80%25+)%0a%3c * Plan Northampton expansion%0a%3c * Finalize planning next meshlocal%0a%3c * Finalize org structure%0a%3c %0a%3c !Longterm Goals%0a%3c * Link two meshlocals%0a%3c * ???%0a\ No newline at end of file%0a---%0a> ** Assigned: ugv%0a> ** Status:%0a\ No newline at end of file%0a
host:1409966462=173.245.55.206
author:1409226853=
diff:1409226853:1409087295:=2,5c2%0a%3c Location:\\%0a%3c SPoT Coffee\\%0a%3c 765 Elmwood Ave\\%0a%3c Buffalo, NY 14222%0a---%0a> Location: TBD%0a
host:1409226853=108.162.219.185
author:1409087295=
diff:1409087295:1409087251:=1c1%0a%3c Meeting #2 to be held: 9/5/2014 6:30PM\\%0a---%0a> Meeting #2 to be held: 9/5/2014 6:30PM%0a4c4%0a%3c ----%0a---%0a> %0a
host:1409087295=173.245.55.206
author:1409087251=
diff:1409087251:1408759333:=1c1%0a%3c Meeting #2 to be held: 9/5/2014 6:30PM%0a---%0a> Meeting #2 to be held: TBD%0a
host:1409087251=173.245.55.206
author:1408759333=
diff:1408759333:1408759333:=1,19d0%0a%3c Meeting #2 to be held: TBD%0a%3c Location: TBD%0a%3c %0a%3c %0a%3c Agenda:%0a%3c * We need to further refine scope, and develop a charter document for the group (We're small, but I'd like a formalized manner in which assets get transferred as needed, ie domain names, etc etc etc).%0a%3c ** Assigned: All%0a%3c ** Status:%0a%3c * We will need to arrange for a cursory site survey of the foundry, and properties to be covered. This will allow us to spec antennas, AP, work, etc etc.%0a%3c ** Assigned: xavia%0a%3c ** Status:%0a%3c * Get a mail list together of some sort (At this point, I have no preference).%0a%3c ** Assigned: None%0a%3c ** Status: %0a%3c * JP contested the not-for-profit goals for the group after the meeting.%0a%3c ** Assigned: None%0a%3c * Get new IRC room, to match name. %0a%3c ** Assigned: ugv%0a%3c ** Status:%0a\ No newline at end of file%0a
host:1408759333=108.162.216.92
